Add/Update Documentation for Media Library Config (#393)
livingdocsIO/documentation: content/enterprise/reference-docs/server-configuration/_index.md

{{< added-in release-2021-03 >}}
- Customize indexing of metadata is supported

{{< added-in release-2021-06 >}}

> - Files are supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Files are supported (for example PDFs)
```

> - The config `mediaLibrary.images` `mediaLibrary.videos` `mediaLibrary.files` is now supported. Before the asset configs were stored in `images`, `videos` and `files`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We now support the following configs: `mediaLibrary.images` `mediaLibrary.videos` `mediaLibrary.files` is now supported.
_Before the release-2021-06 - those configs were stored on the top-level 'images', 'videos', 'files'_
```

  files: {
    publicUrl: 'https://livingdocs-files-dev.s3.amazonaws.com',  // base url of the storage
    storage: {
      strategy: 's3',
      prefix: 'files/' // optional, the storage key will be prefixed ({{< added-in release-2021-06 >}})
      config: {
        bucket: 'livingdocs-files-dev',
        region: 'eu-central-1',
        secretAccessKey: '****',
        accessKeyId: '****'
      }
    },
    // max upload values of Livingdocs API endpoints
    uploadRestrictions: {
      allowedMimeTypes: ['application/pdf'],
      maxFileSize: 100 * 1000 * 1000 // 100MB, default 100MB
    }
  }

  // tells the media library dashboard how many images to show on one page
  paginationSize: 25,
}
```

##### Alternative Image Proxy Configuration (mediaLibrary.images.proxy)

Alternatively you can forward image upload to another service.
For more info about this see [Image Services]({{< ref "/enterprise/guides/image-services.md" >}}).

```js
mediaLibrary: {
  images: {
    proxy: {
      url: 'https://foobar.com/images/upload'
    },
    uploadRestrictions: {
      maxFileSize: 15 * 1000 * 1000 // 15MB, defaults to 15MB.
    }
  }
}
```

> ##### Setting up the MediaLibrary Elastic Search Mapping

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Setting up the Media Library Elastic Search Mapping
```

Then the media-library index must be created.

```js
livingdocs-server elasticsearch-index --handle li-media -y // ({{< added-in release-2021-03 >}})
```

To index the metadata the plugin must support the mediaIndex and on the metadata in the mediaType the index must be enabled.

###### Enable mediaIndex on metadata plugin

> To enable the indexing for the MediaLibrary in a plugin you have to add the `mediaIndex` config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the indexing for the Media Library in a plugin you have to add the `mediaIndex` config.
```
